The third is the resolution of the life of the people.
In order to win the war, the people should not be worried about the life of the people.
Those people must keep everywhere the order.
Rate Grid
Supp attributes the stock section, as well as financial wave
and evidently there is other aspects that need further consideration.
With regards to the streams of the consensual population im jedes perfectly,
There is no reason to wish for the victory of the war.
However, in this country,
the country that is living a blessed life,
and is fighting for the country,
and is living a life that is blessed as it is in Japan,
is not able to find this.
What I would like to say in particular is
that the country's efforts to improve the living of the people
are very important.
The country has been working hard
and is working hard to improve the living of the people
even though the strategy is not very good.
It is the only example
that the country is working hard
to improve the living of the people
while fighting for the country.
We are all grateful
for the efforts of the Japanese army.
I would like to express my gratitude
to the Japanese army as well as to the people.
Thank you for watching.